Models

Axioms of a model:
    1. It must fit a NoSQL-type database and with little fiddling a SQL-type one.
    2. One type of model will have one type of DAO (Database Access Object) the sole purpose of which is to store and retrieve data.
    3. One type of model will have one type of gateway: post- or pre- DAO, non-DAO-specific logic goes here.
    4. A model may have one or more of the following types of field objects:
        4.1. Id
            4.1.1. This is included along with the model's definition
            4.1.2. This must be set before saving the model
            4.1.3. This must not be changed during the lifetime of the model.
        4.2. Field
            4.2.1. This can fit any scalar type of data such as int, string, float, etc. including arrays that will be dealt with in a raw fashion.
        4.3. Array
            4.3.1. This can be pushed and popped - the results of which will be saved to a compatible database non-atomically.
            4.3.2. This can contain Fields and References (see 4.6)
        4.4. Object
            4.4.1. The purpose of an Object is to contain data of which the keys are not defined.
            4.4.2. These are similar to Models in that they exhibit similar functionality - and are "child" models - and can thus hold other fields or collections (see 4.5).
            4.4.3. These know exactly where they are in the source tree relative to the base element so they know how to tell the models to update themselves to accommodate them.
            4.4.4. AssocChild Object
                4.4.4.1. This references any type of object which has been explicitly defined (and this is recommended).
                4.4.4.2. This will be dealt with by instantiating the object (which is similar to a model).
            4.4.5. IndexChild object
                4.4.5.1. This will match any object you wish to exist with no Id element
                4.4.5.2. You will not be able to update existing IndexChildren - only add more (cannot guarantee index place)
        4.5. Collection
            4.5.1. The purpose of a Collection is to encapsulate groups of Child or IndexChild objects
            4.5.2. These may be iterated over using any standard Iterator-based interfaces
            4.5.3. The Collection may only "seek" for AssocChild objects
            4.5.4. Any object in a Collection is dealt with by reference and as such any modifications to any children will cause the collection to be instantly aware of it,
            4.5.5. Usually a Collection will hold only one type of object but in some instances it will hold other types - and as such will require the type of Object to be determined by a field.
                4.5.5.1. A Collection should know the type of Object it has to create - this is specified on instantiation or determined by the array it is given.
        4.6. Reference
            4.6.1. A Reference is a "special" field type reference to another base model via its id - getting this field directly gets the model
            4.6.2. These may be held anywhere as with a field
    5. A DAO must know of the changes to any model on request to save the model. These are expressed in a standard syntax easily translatable.
        For instance:
            Model->getChanges() would return:
                Collection(Names)
                    AssocChild(Name)
                        Id: 123abc
                        Field(FirstName): Bob
        which it could then parse to the format:
            Names.123abc.FirstName: Bob

The way that Models work is:

1. A model has a list of types of fields - this being one collection 
2. A collection can either start with no fields or some fields.
3. A collection can either be a list of fields or a list of other collections (or children) with id as child rather than field name
4. A standard collection can stand for both.
5. An extended collection can be like a child.

E.g.:

{
    id: 1,
    Email: dandart@googlemail.com,
    Credentials: {
        _id: 127891,
        openidassoc: 42486264
    }
}

Main class User has 
Collection using _id,Email,Credentials,
Credentials is a collection using nothing - read/write fields - only accepts children (usually of one type)
Children are collections with stuff already populated - read only fields.
